README.md, before:

# About this project
Bypass check if user has a real Microsoft account linked with the launcher<br>
⚠️ This is for entertainment purposes only ⚠️

# This launcher is too complicated for me :(
You can try out my other project [Offline Minecraft Launcher](https://github.com/antunnitraj/OfflineMinecraftLauncher)

# Before Installation
If you have some accounts saved then executing this script will remove them!

# How to use
- Install Prism Launcher
- Go through the quick setup
- CLOSE THE LAUNCHER
- Execute the command for the appropriate bypass (see [below](#usage-for-installer))
- Create an offline account
- Set the newly created account as the default
- Enjoy!

# What not to do
Don't delete the "No Profile" account, that will break the bypass!

# How does this work?
This launcher use a file called "accounts.json" which stores information about user's accounts. It also indicates whether a user owns Minecraft. This functionality allows players to play Minecraft even if they are offline, such as when playing on a Steam Deck in the middle of a forest. This feature can be exploited to gain access to the launcher and Minecraft's assets.

# Custom Skins?
For that luxury you can use Ely.by skin system on the [ElyPrismLauncher](https://github.com/Octol1ttle/ElyPrismLauncher)

# Usage for Installer
Download the latest version of Prism Launcher from https://prismlauncher.org/, install it, go through the quick setup, close the launcher, then execute this command in the terminal:
### Windows CMD:
```
echo {"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3} > %appdata%/PrismLauncher/accounts.json
```
### Windows PowerShell:
```
'{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true, "ownsMinecraft": true}, "type": "MSA"}], "formatVersion": 3}' | Out-File -FilePath "$env:APPDATA\PrismLauncher\accounts.json" -Encoding utf8 -Force
```
### Linux Shell:
```
echo '{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3}' > ~/.local/share/PrismLauncher/accounts.json
```
### Linux Shell (flatpak):
```
echo '{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3}' > ~/.var/app/org.prismlauncher.PrismLauncher/data/PrismLauncher/accounts.json
```
### macOS
```
echo '{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3}' > ~/Library/Application\ Support/PrismLauncher/accounts.json
```

# Usage for Portable version
Download the portable version of [Prism Launcher](https://prismlauncher.org/), run it, go through the quick setup, close the launcher, then execute this command in the terminal:
### Windows Portable (cd to installation path) CMD:
```
echo {"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3} > accounts.json
```
### Windows Portable (cd to installation path) PowerShell:
```
'{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true, "ownsMinecraft": true}, "type": "MSA"}], "formatVersion": 3}' | Out-File -FilePath accounts.json -Encoding utf8 -Force
```
### Linux Portable (cd to installation path) Shell:
```
echo '{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3}' > accounts.json
```

# Manual Installation
There is a file in the repository called [accounts.json](accounts.json) and you need to download it to this path:
### Installer
* Windows: `%appdata%/PrismLauncher/`
* Linux: `~/.local/share/PrismLauncher/`
* Linux (flatpak): `~/.var/app/org.prismlauncher.PrismLauncher/data/PrismLauncher/`
* macOS: `~/Library/Application\ Support/PrismLauncher/`

### Portable
In the root directory of the launcher

Commit message:

Add update note for Prism Launcher compatibility
Added update information regarding Prism Launcher.

README.md, after:

# About this project
Bypass check if user has a real Microsoft account linked with the launcher<br>
⚠️ This is for entertainment purposes only ⚠️

# UPDATE
Prism Launcher added a check of Online Accounts. The fix is to download the older version of [Prism Launcher 9.4](https://github.com/PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher/releases/tag/9.4)

# This launcher is too complicated for me :(
You can try out my other project [Offline Minecraft Launcher](https://github.com/antunnitraj/OfflineMinecraftLauncher)

# Before Installation
If you have some accounts saved then executing this script will remove them!

# How to use
- Install Prism Launcher
- Go through the quick setup
- CLOSE THE LAUNCHER
- Execute the command for the appropriate bypass (see [below](#usage-for-installer))
- Create an offline account
- Set the newly created account as the default
- Enjoy!

# What not to do
Don't delete the "No Profile" account, that will break the bypass!

# How does this work?
This launcher use a file called "accounts.json" which stores information about user's accounts. It also indicates whether a user owns Minecraft. This functionality allows players to play Minecraft even if they are offline, such as when playing on a Steam Deck in the middle of a forest. This feature can be exploited to gain access to the launcher and Minecraft's assets.

# Custom Skins?
For that luxury you can use Ely.by skin system on the [ElyPrismLauncher](https://github.com/Octol1ttle/ElyPrismLauncher)

# Usage for Installer
Download the latest version of Prism Launcher from https://prismlauncher.org/, install it, go through the quick setup, close the launcher, then execute this command in the terminal:
### Windows CMD:
```
echo {"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3} > %appdata%/PrismLauncher/accounts.json
```
### Windows PowerShell:
```
'{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true, "ownsMinecraft": true}, "type": "MSA"}], "formatVersion": 3}' | Out-File -FilePath "$env:APPDATA\PrismLauncher\accounts.json" -Encoding utf8 -Force
```
### Linux Shell:
```
echo '{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3}' > ~/.local/share/PrismLauncher/accounts.json
```
### Linux Shell (flatpak):
```
echo '{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3}' > ~/.var/app/org.prismlauncher.PrismLauncher/data/PrismLauncher/accounts.json
```
### macOS
```
echo '{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3}' > ~/Library/Application\ Support/PrismLauncher/accounts.json
```

# Usage for Portable version
Download the portable version of [Prism Launcher](https://prismlauncher.org/), run it, go through the quick setup, close the launcher, then execute this command in the terminal:
### Windows Portable (cd to installation path) CMD:
```
echo {"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3} > accounts.json
```
### Windows Portable (cd to installation path) PowerShell:
```
'{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true, "ownsMinecraft": true}, "type": "MSA"}], "formatVersion": 3}' | Out-File -FilePath accounts.json -Encoding utf8 -Force
```
### Linux Portable (cd to installation path) Shell:
```
echo '{"accounts": [{"entitlement": {"canPlayMinecraft": true,"ownsMinecraft": true},"type": "MSA"}],"formatVersion": 3}' > accounts.json
```

# Manual Installation
There is a file in the repository called [accounts.json](accounts.json) and you need to download it to this path:
### Installer
* Windows: `%appdata%/PrismLauncher/`
* Linux: `~/.local/share/PrismLauncher/`
* Linux (flatpak): `~/.var/app/org.prismlauncher.PrismLauncher/data/PrismLauncher/`
* macOS: `~/Library/Application\ Support/PrismLauncher/`

### Portable
In the root directory of the launcher
